<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes" ?>
<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <channel>
    <title>Harwell Software Community</title>
    <link>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/</link>
    <description>Recent content on Harwell Software Community</description>
    <generator>Hugo -- gohugo.io</generator>
    <language>en-gb</language>
    <lastBuildDate>Wed, 26 Sep 2018 00:00:00 +0000</lastBuildDate>
    
	<atom:link href="https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/index.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml" />
    
    
    <item>
      <title>Git workshop</title>
      <link>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/event/2018-10-11_git_workshop/</link>
      <pubDate>Wed, 26 Sep 2018 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/event/2018-10-11_git_workshop/</guid>
      <description>When: 13th November 2018 12:00-13:00
Where: CR16/17, R80 (TS2), RAL
Dan Nixon gives an introductory tutorial to the Git source control management software and its use in a collaborative software project.
The session will be a short overview talk followed by a tutorial, taking part in the tutorial is optional and those wishing to do so should bring their own laptops with Git already installed.
If you plan to attend, please sign up here.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Have an idea for an event?</title>
      <link>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/post/2018-08-06_have_an_idea_for_an_event/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 06 Aug 2018 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/post/2018-08-06_have_an_idea_for_an_event/</guid>
      <description>Do you have an idea for an event you&amp;rsquo;d like to see us run?
Or want to suggest some different topic you&amp;rsquo;d like to see covered in out talks and workshops?
We try to maintain a fairly even balance of talks, workshops, discussions, etc. covering a wide range of topics that are relevant to the work that happens on site, with that in mind we are very open to suggestions from the community to distribute knowledge and encourage collaboration as much as possible.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Introduction to Docker workshop</title>
      <link>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/event/2018-07-19_docker_workshop/</link>
      <pubDate>Thu, 19 Jul 2018 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/event/2018-07-19_docker_workshop/</guid>
      <description>When: 19th July 2018 13:00-14:00
Where: CR03, R61, RAL
Matt Pryor gives an overview of containers, why we may want to make use of them and a brief introduction into Docker.</description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Satellite Applications Catapult special</title>
      <link>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/event/2018-05-14_catapult_special/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 14 May 2018 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/event/2018-05-14_catapult_special/</guid>
      <description>When: 14th May 2018
Where: Videowall Room, Satellite Applications Catapult
Outline:
 Trev Newell - Project Hepheastus (using satellite imagery to monitor the environmental impact of open cast mining in Chile) Keegan Neave - Project Eyes on the Seas (monitoring fishing around the world using satellite derived Automatic Identification System and supporting datasets) VR demo  </description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Lightning talks</title>
      <link>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/event/2018-03-26_lightning_talks/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 26 Mar 2018 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/event/2018-03-26_lightning_talks/</guid>
      <description>When: 26th March 2018
Where: R18 Visitors Centre, RAL
Outline:
 Introduction Martyn Gigg - Jenkins Austen Rose - EPICS  </description>
    </item>
    
    <item>
      <title>Kickoff Meeting</title>
      <link>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/event/2018-02-12_kickoff_meeting/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 12 Feb 2018 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate>
      
      <guid>https://harwellsoftwarecommunity.github.io/event/2018-02-12_kickoff_meeting/</guid>
      <description>When: 12th February 2018 13:00-14:00
Where: CR16&amp;amp;17, R80, RAL
Outline:
 Hannah Griffin - Facilities Business Applications Owen Arnold - Building software for future science Philip Kershaw - Software at CEDA  </description>
    </item>
    
  </channel>
</rss>